# Note

1. HandsOn Practical Security Awareness + Coding From Scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1mTmBLt0V8&t=1781s

2. Webinar Ramadhan #1 Hands On Practical Web Hacking by Deny Setiawan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bWoh9kDtsg&t=4999s

3. Expert Interview Mobile App Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNl48HeWdIo&t=412s

4. Analisa Malware Android Dari Scratch(simple way)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3V1DjgMYLc

5. Network Traffic Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE6B4_QFVAg&t=271s

6. Hacking Mobile Apps Via WebView Vulnerability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNT-DkzO_J0&t=626s

7. How to be a reverse engineer, hacker, programmer from scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DfoyvOv3VE&t=147s

8. Hacking via HID attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfqcvQ2X6sc&t=23s

9. Melacak Nomor Telpon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHoVIS8WfyI

10. Profiling And Attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtL4oq48DOk

11. Bypass PIN Login Android
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVixVkElmgc

12. Meretas Celah Pada Padding Oracle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlzaeDMh1m8&t=120s

13. Hacking Unix Server Dengan Celah Bashdoor AKA ShellShock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I46XNe7Kiac&t=84s

14. Banner Grabbing From Scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJbWgmIjOXI

15. Hacking FTP Server
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiU-FJOc_Ls&t=401s

16. Hacking Form Login
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZwDEYtBIpg&t=262s

17. Decrypted Cipher Text With Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_dhnuhmBwU&t=32s

18. Forensic Whatsapp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS0TrwcClyk&t=228s

19. Scripting Python Percobaan Meretas Akun Gmail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBMyeDpcCmk

20. Ngadalin Kode OTP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYiIhaMB04E&t=88s

21. Scanning With Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHPhtM4oaxc&t=266s

22. Hacking for getting API secret key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=270apd27dhQ&t=47s

23. Forensic USB Drive And Recover Deleted Files
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhac-ku9hSQ

24. Cracking JWT Token
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0MThdvcoTw

25. Hacking Mobile Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diDimpYeBRE&t=772s

26. Windows Memory Forensic Investigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pkoE0Gy9Qc&t=31s

27. Server Side Injection Attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH3vfuRybw4

28. SQL Injection Attacking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKMek9joKP4&t=324s

29. Linux Memory Forensic Investigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWzTL6q31dQ&t=290s

30. Fuzzing Web Dapetin Halaman Login
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdXCCm_XgBU

31. Undetected Backdoor Dengan Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REmmag86gPM&t=178s

32. android hack 2020 03 20 08 44 07
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLnowzrdraM

33. Trace By IP Address
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pq4GvRyUGQ

34. BOLA BASKET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv8SQnWD21U&t=237s

35. Hacking Server With Remote Code Execution Attacking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYG3gBjJTrc

36. Tidak Semua Hacker Jahat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8UKrh4-_5w

37. Undetected Backdoor Dengan Bahasa C
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbGlAHzEuNc&t=302s

38. ARP Address Resolution Protocol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnJI5kWSnlM

39. Hacker Baik Melawan Hacker Jahat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FV1U54Es-zI

40. pentesting windows server (all version include windows 10)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mt8SvzjPuzg

41. persistence inject
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE-TRThLHuY

42. MÃ¨retas itu gampang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLndP6ivxS4&t=119s

43. wireless sec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNEvdTdUWCo&t=2s

44. web brute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8zGh67iXWw&t=429s

45. crack hash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E90TXpMnSVw&t=514s

46. ddos from scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RSiS_5b9hU&t=6s

47. Hacking From Scratch(Cracking ZIP Pasword file)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vR4NJ_9pBLc&t=210s
